estimated transaction fee (#408)
decentralized-identity/sidetree: docs/implementation.md

#### Request body schema
```json
{

>   "minFee": "A number representing the minimum transaction fee to be paid to write this transaction to the blockchain. The actual fee paid can fluctuate deterministically.",

Reviewer: How about ````minimumFree````

Author: Is it free though? JK, I like it, will change.

>   "minFee": "A number representing the minimum transaction fee to be paid to write this transaction to the blockchain. The actual fee paid can fluctuate deterministically.",

Reviewer: Just a reminder that this requires a corresponding change in ion repo as well.

Author: Good call. I created an issue so we remember what we've done when we update ion

https://github.com/decentralized-identity/ion/issues/56

>   "minFee": "A number representing the minimum transaction fee to be paid to write this transaction to the blockchain. The actual fee paid can fluctuate deterministically.",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "minFee": "A number representing the minimum transaction fee to be paid to write this transaction to the blockchain. The actual fee is dynamically calculated and can be higher than this amount (but not lower).",
```
